VT52 support (#284)
Akuli/catris: README.md

The rust program listens on two TCP ports,
54321 for websocket connections and 12345 for plain TCP connections (e.g. netcat).
When a client connects, the server auto-detects what kind of terminal is used
by sending special escape sequences that terminals respond to automatically.
Currently [ANSI-compatible terminals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_escape_code)
and [VT52-compatible terminals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VT52) are supported.

> The javascript code in `web-ui/` behaves like an ANSI-compatible terminal,
> so it interprets ANSI codes.
> This means that the javascript code must parse ANSI escape sequences,
> but this also simplifies the rust code
> because it needs to use ANSI codes with raw TCP connections anyway.

Author: ```suggestion
The javascript code in `web-ui/` behaves like an ANSI-compatible terminal.
This makes the rust code simpler and the javascript code more complicated,
which is good because the javascript code is very simple and short
compared to the rust program.
```

Other commands (these also run on GitHub Actions):
- Formatter: `cargo fmt`
- Linter: `cargo clippy`

> - VT52 terminal emulator: `xterm -ti vt52 -tn vt52`

Author: ```suggestion
- Using `xterm` as a VT52 terminal emulator: `xterm -ti vt52 -tn vt52`
```
